HDDS-7272. Ozone FAQ: Replace o3fs with ofs (#40)
apache/ozone-site: content/faq.md

Not that we know.  Ozone is an Apache-licensed open source product; Nothing prevents someone from offering Ozone as a product in the cloud.

### I have an Apache Spark Application. How do I use it with Ozone?

> You have a Spark based application and you want it to work with Ozone. If your current storage system is HDFS, then you are passing the location of data to your application by using an URL that begins with hdfs://. If you replace hdfs:// with ofs:// Spark application will start using data from an Ozone bucket.

Reviewer: @adoroszlai I agree we could rephrase this sentence to make it more accurate.

Even better we should add a link to a more detailed instruction page (call it migration guide) if we have one. Here is an example:

```suggestion
You have a Spark application and you want it to work with Ozone. If you were using HDFS, your data location URL would start with `hdfs://`, or that is implied by the client's `fs.defaultFS` config. Because Ozone `ofs://` is a Hadoop-compatible File System (HCFS) interface, as long as Ozone client jars and configurations are correctly set up (in `core-site.xml` and `ozone-site.xml`), you could simply replace `hdfs://` with `ofs://`. And your Spark application would start using data from an Ozone bucket (e.g. `ofs://om-service/volume1/bucket1/`). For more details, see [migration guide](LINK_TO_GUIDE).
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I have changed the answer now. But I couldn't find any migration guide or related document as such, so I haven't added the last sentence.
